hello welcome to another pixel nerds
video today there's only two of us
that's me and Alex because Joe has
abandoned us to go on an epic adventure
around the world Nancy all right he's
just on Hollis gone on holiday yeah mmm
then take was with him though night
looks he didn't spree selfish I think we
could have fit once I could have fitted
in his hand luggage you could have
gotten the suitcase no problem after a
big suitcase yeah don't cut some big
hand luggage as well we've had a script
for Minecraft cinematic video for quite
a while but obviously we don't have a
very great attention span so we haven't
really been able to record a decent
footage for it because it so easy we
have an interesting competition yeah
pretty much we have an interesting
competition for you guys to a pie maker
if it will have voiceover and then you
can try make a video for it which
Michael yeah and whoever whoever makes
the best video which we'll pick gets the
opportunity to join us in one of our
videos we're not sure what game it's
probably going to be minecraft or
something and they also get their video
uploaded onto our channel like with the
with the voice-over and everything so
that well hopefully to help them sort of
your YouTube channel or something I
don't know just be cool i think you know
whatever be good to see what you guys
can make as well yeah because i'm sure
there are some awesome awesome clever
and creative people out there hey we're
gonna borrow ever knows yeah but it look
it's not hard to be better than as well
like disabled monkeys were creative
skills oh yeah yeah but we're gonna have
the voice over at the end of this video
so you can listen to it and i'll upload
it onto
some hosting website and you can get
holding and do your chisels oh and wish
Joe a good huh yes that would be a happy
holidays yeah happy holidays
in a world where everything was Square
and your imagination was what made this
game come alive you can design build and
create anything from wooden hurts to
monumental peanut palaces become one
with nature dance with pigs swim with
squid or just kill them for your own
pleasure for you animal lovers out there
killing helpless animals is not a must
do you can grow wheat grow sugarcane or
even go mushroom picking and the
peculiar biomes full of mutated cows if
none of these tickle your pickle then
become a full-time baker bake bread
baked cake pick anything you want now if
you think minecraft is some nancy-pants
e girls came just wait until night falls
you'd best have build yourself a sturdy
shelter because when the dark comes the
monsters come with it but you don't have
to hide you can fight back you just need
the right tools for the job down in the
darkness of your world discover caverns
furred with the iron gold and coal
deeper where pools of bubbling lava
stretch as far as your render distance
allows as the most precious jewel of all
diamond with these valuable items craft
the mightiest armor and weaponry
imaginable now at last you can smite
your phones and reclaim the land which
you so proudly build upon venture into
the unknown world of the nether but
beware few who take this journey ever
return this world in Minecraft will be
what you make of it it'll be your home
and so in years to come you will
remember this is minecraft